net: lib: download_client: Add option to enable partial request in HTTP (#3197)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/known_issues.rst

DFU and FOTA
============

.. rst-class:: v1-4-0

> Socket API calls may hang when using :ref:`lib_download_client`
>   When using the :ref:`lib_download_client` library with HTTP (without TLS), the application might not process incoming fragments fast enough, which can starve BSD library buffers and make calls to BSD library hang.
>   Samples and applications that are affected include those using :ref:`lib_download_client` to download files via HTTP, or :ref:`lib_fota_download` with modem updates enabled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Socket API calls may hang when using Download client
  When using the :ref:`lib_download_client` library with HTTP (without TLS), the application might not process incoming fragments fast enough, which can starve the :ref:`nrfxlib:bsdlib` buffers and make calls to BSD library hang.
  Samples and applications that are affected include those that use :ref:`lib_download_client` to download files through HTTP or those that use :ref:`lib_fota_download` with modem updates enabled.
```
Please re-add JIRA ticket for this issue. JIRA tickets are now a must-have for each new known issue (workaround is optional).
